Meeting date: Sat, May 17, 2025 @ 5:00pm
In attendance: Collin, Tess, Meaghan, Erich
  Today, we met for the first time and discussed the project launch details.  The details are in a separate “Project Launch Details” document.  We decided on a scrum master schedule, a regular meeting time for our meetings, and we talked a little bit about our education/coding background.  We decided on Github for source control, and we will use a shared Google document to record meeting notes and keep a list of tasks that need to be completed for each milestone/sprint.

Milestone 2
Meeting date: Sat, May 24, 2025 @ 5:00pm
In attendance: Collin, Tess, Meaghan, Erich
  Discussed our proposed schedule for milestone scrum. Will have another meeting Thursday @ 9pm to follow up with project requirements. Each team member will be working on 4 use cases for the design document, which we will complete by Thursday 5/29 or earlier. Each team member will also watch the week 4 video, as well as familiarize with github and version control practices so that our main is updated smoothly. On Thursday, we will meet together to go over the prototype requirements and starter code, where responsibilities will be divided between team members. 

Meeting date: Thurs, May 29, 2025 @ 9:00pm
In attendance: Collin, Tess, Meaghan, Erich
  Discussed our vision for the prototype code, the initial development will be split into two teams of two: memory development consisting of Collin and Erich, and operation development consisting of Meaghan and Tess. We will first work on getting our initial tests to pass before coding in the more complex operations.

Meeting date: Saturday, May 31, 2025 @ 5:00 pm
In attendance: Collin, Tess, Erich
  Discussed code that we worked on, and have created. We currently do not have editing privileges to the github repo, put my working prototype into docs, and if we don’t get privileges by tomorrow morning, then I will create a new repo, send out access codes and push my prototype to main. We will be finished with the code by Wednesday so that no edits will be made on the due date. The README still needs to be completed as well, which will be delegated to whoever finishes their coding responsibilities first.

Milestone 3 meeting log
Meeting date: Sat, June 7, 2025
In attendance: Erich, Collin
  Discussed the feedback for Milestone 2
   We are planning to do a follow-up meeting that hopefully everyone can make it to, Thursday the 12th @ 9pm.
   Collin agreed to start working on use case fixes in our design document
   Erich is going to run more tests with our code and try out the other text files we didn’t have access to before to try to get our code more solid.
   Updated the ‘backlog’ tab in this document for TODO tasks for the next milestone
   Collin and Erich prefer using print statements in the code itself for testing rather than dealing with pytest, I will email Professor Burtt and see if this is an okay way of doing it.  Need to get feedback from Meaghan and Tess on this.
   Meaghan, if you see this and are able/willing, would you be able to fix our user story issues Professor Burtt mentioned in our feedback?  See the task backlog for details.
   Tess, can you look into the branching issues mentioned, and see if you can expand our branching to be more robust?
   EVERYONE: Begin learning about GUI’s in python (design, build, etc…)  This looks like the biggest part of milestone 3, so if you are unfamiliar with GUI’s make sure to do some research and we will discuss next week.

Meeting Date: Thurs, June 12, 2025
In attendance: Meaghan, Tess, Erich
  Followed up on previous assignments
   Code should be fixed and working correctly now, and the test files all perform correctly
   Branch operations should be working, Tess is planning to double check that the branches all work properly.
   Meaghan is finishing up user story fixes
   After talking to Professor about the unit tests, he strongly suggests using Pytest because it looks good on resumes and will make our lives easier down the line.  So we are planning to use this going forward, need to get input from Collin on this.
   Decided on ‘Tkinter’ for our GUI implementation
   TODO for Saturday:
      Everyone: download and test the code with the test files.  Do some of your own testing to make sure the program is working as expected.  If not, make changes as you see fit.
      Tess: Build a wireframe of our GUI and share it with us so we can discuss
      Meaghan: Start class definition document (see milestone 3 instructions for details)
      Collin: Use case fixes if not finished (from milestone 2 feedback)
      Everyone: Learn about Tkinter, used for creating GUI’s.  We need to discuss this as a group on Saturday.

Meeting Date: Sat, June 14, 2025
In attendance: Meaghan, Collin, Erich
Next meeting: Tuesday, June 17 @ 9pm
  By Tuesday:
      Everyone: Create individual SRS documents
      Collin and Meaghan: Create GUI
      Erich: Update readme and get clarification from professor on class def. Document
  If not finished: use case fixes and user story fixes
  Tuesday:
      Divide into groups and merge SRS documents for the first time
      Discuss GUI progress 
  Tues-Fri:
    Tess and Erich: implement GUI with current code
    Merge SRS documents the second time
    Finalize readme and class definitions documents
    Double check to-do’s from last milestone to make sure those are fixed

Meeting Date: Tue, June 17, 2025
In attendance: Meaghan, Collin, Erich, Tess
  Discussed final task assignments
    Collin: add names to use cases, separate classes into their own files, any GUI edit considerations
    Tess: update readme, update wireframe, any GUI edit considerations
    Meaghan: update UML for the class and function descriptions
    Erich: gather together all documents and code for submission
  Everyone: Finish first SRS merge with partner
Group 1: Erich & Tess
Group 2: Collin & Meaghan
Next meeting: Thursday, June 19 @ 9pm
Final meeting to merge our final SRS document

Meeting Date: Thurs, June 19, 2025
In attendance: Meaghan, Erich, Tess, Collin
  Discussed last minute tasks to finish up
    Collin: Use cases
    Meaghan: UML
    Tess: Readme
    Erich: Enable program to run from main.py
    All tasks will be completed and deliverables will be handed in by Friday @ 11:59pm
  Completed the final merge of our SRS document
Next meeting: Tuesday, June 24 @ 9pm

Milestone 4 Meeting Log:
Meeting Date: Tues, June 24, 2025
In Attendance: Tess, Meaghan, Erich, Collin
  Discussed: To-do list and requirements of Milestone 4. This week will be a chiller week due to the end of block 1 as well as the upcoming midterm.
Next meeting: Tuesday, July 1, 2025

Meeting Date: Tuesday, July 1, 2025
In Attendance: Tess, Meaghan, Erich, Collin
  Discussed: Task Allocation
    Meaghan: Color coding code.
    Erich: 4 and 6 from the to-do list.
    Collin: 5 for revisions, 3 and 4 from milestones.
    Tess: 1, 2 and 3 for revisions.
Next meeting: Tuesday, July 8 2025

Meeting Date: Tuesday, July 8 2025
In Attendance: Tess, Meaghan, Erich, Collin
  Discussed: Completed tasks and remaining tasks in the to-do list.
    Meaghan: Finishing up color coding code.
    Erich: SRS
    Collin: Finishing 5 for revisions, UML modifications
    Tess: Wireframe, README, finishing up 2 in milestone requirements and bug testing.

Milestone 5 Meeting: July 15
In Attendance: Tess, Erich, Meaghan
  Discussed: Break down of To-do list for Milestone 5. 
    Tess will be working on the memory and color issues. 
    Erich will be working on the size of memory.
    Meaghan will be working on the use case

Milestone 5 Meeting: July 17
In Attendance: Erich, Meaghan, Collin
  Discussed: Follow up of To-do list for Milestone 5. 
    Erich is working on improving the memory and the program accepting 6 digit numbers
    Meaghan will be finishing up the use case
    Collin will be working on converting the file from 4 to 6 digits

Milestone 5 Meeting: July 19
In Attendance: Meaghan, Collin
  Discussed: Follow up of To-do list for Milestone 5. 
    Meaghan talked about use cases being a pain. 
    Collin talked about how he is just working on his code and needs to implement everything, but so far no problems.
Next meeting Tuesday July 22
